Cognito migration guide (#1115)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/migration-guide/_what-next.adoc

You now have your users migrated, or a plan to do so. Congratulations! What is next?

> You need to migrate the other configuration, as mentioned in <<Other Entities>>. Since the type of configuration varies, it is hard to provide a full list of how to import these items, but the general pattern will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to migrate additional configuration, as mentioned in <<Other Entities>>. Since the type of configuration varies, it is hard to provide a full list of how to import these items, but the general pattern will be:
```

* Identify corresponding FusionAuth functionality.

> * Configure it in your FusionAuth instance, either manually or by scripting it using the client libraries or API.

Reviewer: Should we link the client libraries or API here

Author: Good idea.

* Update your application configuration to use the new FusionAuth functionality.

Make sure you assign your users to the appropriate FusionAuth applications. You can do this either:

* As part of your import process by adding registrations to the user JSON.

> * After users have been migrated with the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/registrations/[Registrations API]. This gives you more flexibility.

Reviewer: why does this give you more flexbility?  Link maybe?

You'll also need to modify and test each of your applications, whether custom, open source, or commercial, to ensure:

* Users can successfully log in.
* The authorization code redirect is handled correctly.
* Users receive appropriate permissions and roles based on the JWT.

> * The look and feel of the hosted login pages matches each application's look and feel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The look and feel of the hosted login pages match each application's look and feel (call in your marketing team 🙂 ).
```
